I want to use my 100 million cash
Loan from the bank
What!
The company already has some research results
Re-creating a company
Take too much time
I must take this company down
They still look like a good match
We have a bank during our period.
With our relationship
I can loan you 500 million
Pay off within ten years
Annual interest rate 2%
Then please underestimate
Zeng Yang
How much would you pay for an 80 million dollar company?
Five hundred million. Okay.
Lao Tzu accompanies you to play
My night market
The group has tens of billions of liquidity alone
Do you dare to play with me with all your wealth?
Song Yao, you are rich now
You take your money and roll it to the small county seat
Don't get in the way of Ye Shao's eyes here
Ye Tiancheng
You go too far.
You're wrong.
I bullied you
What's the matter, I'll put it here today
As long as you stay in Jiangzhou for one day
You can't turn over
unless
You got him
Mr. Li, won't you interfere in our family affairs?
Whatever you want.
Do you hear me?
What about life-saving grace?
Mr. Li will help you get the lottery money back
It's all righteous
Do you want Mr. Li to protect you for the rest of your life?
Okay, since you let me not get it.
I won't let you cut your hands easily
I said 600 million.
You have the ability
You pay more for the company
Dad?
I didn't expect you to have such a domineering side
Ah Song Yang
Lao Tzu accompanies you to play
610 million.
Get your people ready to cooperate
Satsuki
Dad tried his best
Aunt Li
Can you lend me and dad some more money?
That's not possible.